Internals: Improve coverage flow (#6526)
verilator/verilator: docs/internals.rst

reliably measured on GitHub hosted runners, and smaller differences are
noticeable over a few days of reruns as trends emerge from the noise.

Code coverage
-------------

Code coverage for Verilator itself can be collected using GCC with the
following flow. Note that configuring with ``--enable-coverage`` disables
optimization for both the debug and optimized builds of Verilator, so running
the resulting executables can be slow:

.. code:: shell

   ./configure --enable-longtests --enable-coverage
   make -j$(nproc)        # Build verilator
   make test              # Run the tests - this will generate .gcda files
   make coverage-open     # Create and open HTML coverate reprot

> The ``coverage-open`` make target depends on ``covarage-report``, which
> generates the HTML coverage report, and does in turn depend on
> ``coverage-combine``, which combines all ``.gcda`` files into an lcov
> data file. You can use each of these make targets separately if you wish.

Reviewer: Coverage-open suggests it's starting coverage not viewing it.

Awkward, maybe:  (Avoid "you" - don't know who reader is.)

```suggestion
The ``coverage-view`` make target opens the generated coverage report. This depends on ``coverage-report``, which
generates the HTML coverage report. That in turn depends on
``coverage-combine``, which combines all ``.gcda`` files into an lcov
data file. Each of these make targets can be used separately if desired.
```

Author: > Awkward

I know, I am, sorry ;) Fixed.

If you want to see the coverage only for select test, instead of ``make test``,
you can just run the relevant ``test_regress/t/*.py`` cases, then use
``make coverage-open``

You can also use the ``coverage-zero`` target to remove all ``.gcda`` files,
which in effect clears all collected coverage data. This can be useful when
checking individual test cases while modifying them.

Note that every time you invoke a binary built with coverage collection, it
will add the coverage data collected during that invocation to the existing
``.gcda`` files. This means that you can also just run Verilator on any other
external files or projects to collect code coverage on those invocations.

> 

Reviewer: Be aware if changing a test, if that test no longer covers some item the report will still contain the old coverage.  Use a make `coverage-zero` and rerun all tests if this is a concern.

reliably measured on GitHub hosted runners, and smaller differences are
noticeable over a few days of reruns as trends emerge from the noise.

Code coverage
-------------

> Code coverage for Verilator itself can be collected using ``gcc`` and ``gcov``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Code coverage for developing Verilator itself can be collected using ``gcc`` and ``gcov``
```
